# 01-Cloud_Storage_Directory_Description

The KICKPI development materials are distributed via cloud storage, supporting both Baidu Cloud and OneDrive.

The contents of the two cloud storage accounts are identical. You can choose according to your actual situation.

You can obtain the cloud storage links through the purchase platform or by consulting the customer service on QQ.

## Directory List
```
├── 0-Specifications
│   ├── K1B-RK3568
│   ├── K1-RK3568
│   └── K3-RK3562
├── 1-SDK Software Source Code
│   ├── android13
│   └── linux
├── 2-Image
│   ├── RK3562-K3
│   ├── RK3566-TX66
│   ├── RK3568-K1
│   └── RK3568-K1B
├── 3-Software Data
│   ├── Android APK Signature
│   ├── Android Navigation Status
│   ├── GCC Cross toolchains
│   ├── Linux Backup ROOTFS Script
│   ├── PATCH
│   ├── Qt_demo
│   ├── RKNPU
│   └── RK SDK docs
├── 4-Hardware Data
│   ├── CAMERA
│   ├── LCD
│   ├── RK3562-K3
│   ├── RK3568-K1
│   └── RK3568-K1B
├── 5-Development Tools
│   ├── ADB Tool
│   ├── ADB Screen Mirroring
│   ├── FactoryTool - Factory Image Burning Tool
│   ├── LinuxPackFirmware
│   ├── QT
│   ├── SDDiskTool
│   ├── UART DebugTool - Serial Port Debugging Tool
│   ├── USB Driver - USB Driver
│   └── USB ImageBurnTool - Image Burning Tool
└── README.txt
```

## Directory Descriptions

### 0-Specifications
This directory mainly stores the specifications of various development boards. You can quickly understand the features and performance of the products through these specifications.

### 1-SDK Software Source Code
It primarily stores the compressed SDK source code packages for different system versions, which will be updated periodically.

### 2-Image
It supports system images for Android13, Debian11, and Ubuntu2004. You can update the system of the motherboard by burning these images. For details, refer to the image burning instructions.

### 3-Software Data
This directory contains software-related materials, such as program examples and software patches.

### 4-Hardware Data
It stores hardware-related materials, such as schematics.

### 5-Development Tools
These are tools related to burning and debugging, such as burning software and ADB software.

### 6-Documents
It includes user guides and development-related documentation.